so today I'm going to show you how to
run an Android emulator on your PC an
Android emulator is it's a basically
like a simulator on your PC that will
run an Android software like this this
is fully functional completely full
Android running on my computer now oh
it's computer so it's not a snapping
quick but it's actually completely
functional
you got your function buttons over here
so you can press home and then I'll tree
take you home
get an app drawer speech or it's got
everything actually and this little
keyboard on the side right here take you
right home and you doesn't have to be
just gingerbread you can install any
version of Android on here it's pretty
easy to I want to show you how let's
exit out of this so
to get it you have to go to your
internet go to developer.android.com
I'll put a link in the description go to
SDK and download the Android SDK the top
one don't do the recommended one do this
one so once you have that installed
extract it to your desktop open it up
and go to the SDK manager it'll fetch
all the software
and
as you can see right here you have tools
from here developer I'm not much of a
developer I design cos all fun and then
you've got all your Android versions 1.5
and then even the newest Ice Cream
Sandwich 4.0 point 3 I just ran 2.3 cuz
um
they take a long time to install so I
only did one run to one at a time but
you choose the one e1 install like
installed Gingerbread Android 2.3.3
then you press install packages but you
also want to do make sure the Google USB
driver package is also installed you
don't have to do that once so once you
install it you go to the abd manager
I already put mine in but this will be
empty if it's the first time so you'll
press new name it one word so
gingerbread target 2.3 sighs it's just
um just put five one two and then the
rest of this you can do whatever you
want
so my cancel X already have it so once
you've done that it'll appear right here
press refresh click on it let's start
okay
so if it's your first time starting it
up it might take a little while I
already used it so if I don't take that
long
this is just full stop gingerbread this
is it's got everything you could
actually use your web camera as the
camera and it's good if you like let's
say you don't have an Android phone but
your thing I got any one you want to try
out the software the market is fully
functional it actually has everything so
here we go you got a blue logo okay so
now that the Android software is loaded
you can see we have the lock screen so
drag it and there you go this is Android
it's a little slow just because it's not
but it's very cool and it's kind of like
if you seen if he ever the best buy when
they first had them the fresh
gingerbread phone come out and then a
galaxy knife whatever and they had a at
least to Best Buy over here they had a
giant display of fully functional
Android like on a giant phone that you
could just use your whole hand to use
and suppose this is what they use this
is from your developer and you'd rather
when you can develop on here so they'll
be on your phone because then you can
save whatever Daddy pond here you can
put on your phone if you hold down and
click
you can just it's fully functional I
want I don't want do life wallpapers
it's going to make it to make it too
slow but let's whip the wallpaper
you can remove widgets
and then if you're going to type you can
just use the UM keyboard on your
computer to type so you can say this is
there you go
and then I think and then I go home
you've got your phone keys right here
I'm pretty sure the camera works as a
webcam I'm pretty sure
so you can basically have any version of
Android on here it's pretty sick I'm
going to be using it for a while because
I have my Droid X and it's not going to
Ice Cream Sandwich for a while so I'm
going to be using this to test it out
see if I like it hungry so yeah um just
be mindful at these on files take a long
time to install so yeah bye